At two hundred thirty five pounds it's hard for me to think that I have
any least favorite foods. I like eating even though I'm six six, two
thirty five is a little on the heavy side but I eat almost everything.
Least favorite probably could steamed vegetables almost any kind.
I love raw vegetables but once you cook them and they get kinda
soft I don't like them much anymore. And the food I never would try
or the Philippine balutes, a balute is fertilized egg with the fertilized
embryo inside, so little unborn baby chicken, the egg they ferment
until it's half rotten then eat it. They're wonderful I never have
had one but given the opportunity I think I'd probably pass